
A multi-skilled technical lead with good all-round ability to juggle multiple projects and meet deadlines whilst at the same time comprehending complex and interdependent business processes. Very capable with an ability to identify and then deal with a client’s needs by translating them into appropriate technical solutions. Experienced in providing motivation, guidance and an up to date consultancy service to both colleagues and clients. 

Thanks for putting across your suggestions. We appreciate the gesture. Here is our detailed response to the points you have raised.

Could you please take this forward with Alice.
Request you to take this up with Scott.


1. requiring tremendous effort, strength, etc. a herculean task
2 contemplating     Look at thoughtfully.
		   Think about.
 

Hi team,

 

Please see Gary’s mail below where he is discussing some of the best practices his organisation follows. Please go through the mail. Let us brainstorm these ideas and find out how we can replicate them in our team.

We have received your mail and are working on the deliverable. We will submit the document by 18 February 2010


Hi team,

Over the last two weeks, we have missed the deadline on three deliverables. This has happened despite some of our team members working beyond the normal office hours. This means we are not planning well. (problem)
 
Here is how we can proceed. (offering solution)
 
Step 1: Explain

Step 2: Explain

Step 3: Explain

I believe this approach will help us streamline the process, plan things better, identify problem areas more promptly and deliver quality within the agreed deadlines. (why you think it is appropriate)
 
Let me know if you have any queries and suggestions by EoD today, 22 November 2010.

We will implement this approach starting 24 November 2010.



Hi Raman,

Thanks for sharing the feedback with us. We regret the three data errors you spotted in the document. (acknowledging the problem)

We understand the criticality of the deliverables and the seriousness of such errors. We assure you that we will revaluate our QC process, develop checklists and make other necessary changes so that no such error slips through in any of our deliverables in the future. (suggesting a solution)
 
Regards,

Ankit 



Interview-- 

I want to work here because with the skills and experience that I am bringing to the job, I may have an opportunity to advance with the company. More importantly, you have an excellent reputation for offering quality services to your customers and that is precisely why I would like to be a part of the company.


EVS provides-
Knowledge services to the clients
Business and technology Intelligence
Exceptional Quality
 


Why did you leave your last job?--
My job profile was not enriching.


Questions to ask-
Can you please tell us which stream have you specialised (Marketing/Finance, etc.) in? Probe more on the topic.
What are the projects you have worked on during your MBA/BBA/Engineering (whatever the case may be)? Ask for details.
Ask the candidates about their key tasks/accomplishments 
Emphasise more on their achievements 
Focus on areas where the applicant could have done better in his/her current role
Asking open-ended questions: Try to ask questions that will facilitate job-related discussion
Avoid questions that require a yes/no  answer. Keep the questions open ended so that the applicants have the opportunity to speak freely and voice opinions.  
For example, Do not ask questions like “Are you confident that EVS is the right opportunity for you?” rather ask “Why do you see yourself as an EVS fit?”       

Tell me about an instance when you had to go above and beyond the assigned responsibility to get a job done?
What was the task assigned to you? 
What extra steps did you take to achieve that task? ?
Were the extra efforts recognized by the organization? 
Can you provide a recent example of when you were under stress, and how you coped?
Given the current working scenario, how would you strike a balance between the multiple tasks assigned to you? 
Where do you see yourself 5 years down the line? 

•What are the major responsibilities in your current role?
•Have you handled a team? 
•How do you take care of team management/conflict?
•Did you look forward to any process improvement in your current role? If yes,  how?

•Describe your current responsibilities/duties.
•How do you spend an average day?
•What has been your primary accomplishment?
•What has been your greatest challenge?
•Describe what you most enjoy/least enjoy about your current job?
•What in your background qualifies you for this job?
•If hired, how would you contribute immediately?
•If your boss was asked to describe you, what would he/she say? 

•
 What are the inherent strengths you possess that will get you this job? 

•

•

•
 How would you describe your weakness? 

•
 What are you doing to improve yourself? 

•
 Why do you want to change this job? 

•
Why did you leave the one before this (if applicable)? 

•
How confident are you that you can successfully perform the duties of this position and why? 

•
 Tell us about a situation that would demonstrate the level of confidence that you have in yourself. 

•
 Tell us about a situation that would demonstrate the level of confidence your manager has in you. 

•
 Tell us about a situation that would show the confidence your co-workers have in you. 

•
 Are you creative? Give us one example of your creativity. 

•
 Describe a situation where you came up with a creative solution to a problem. 

•
 Provide us with an example of your ability to work independently.
 Give an example. The example may relate what you did in an emergency situation. If this is an entry- level position, use an example from school, church, or other volunteer activities. 

•
 How do you deal with disappointment and work stress? 

•
 Tell me about a difficult problem you solved at work. 

•
 How do you deal with conflicts on the job? 


 
Do you consider yourself successful? The right answer would be--
I have set certain goals, some have been met and others are yet to be achieved.
 




Saying No-

"Today, I have a lot of things I need to get done. I’m more than happy to help you, but I probably won't be able to get to this until tomorrow or the next day." Or, you can say, "Let me write that down. I’m going to need to check with [insert boss's name here] because we have a lot going on right now, so I may need to take something off my plate in order to help you. Let me just get approval to do that."


Appropriate: 

Hi Sheryl, 

I appreciate your efforts towards reducing the number of errors in your work. There has been considerable improvement in this area. 

However, while reviewing your last report, I did come across some data errors. I would like to discuss this aspect with you so that we can eliminate such errors completely. In case you still face difficulty in handling data, we can transfer you to a department where you do not need to deal with data. 

Should you have any suggestions, please feel free to share them with me. 

Behaviour
 Interpretation
 
Brisk, erect walk 
 Confidence 
 
Standing with hands on hips 
 Readiness, aggression 
 
Sitting with legs crossed, foot kicking slightly 
 Boredom 
 
Sitting, legs apart 
 Open, relaxed 
 
Arms crossed on chest 
 Defensiveness 
 
Walking with hands in pockets, shoulders hunched 
 Dejection 
 
Hand-to-cheek 
 Evaluation, thinking 
 
Touching, Slightly rubbing nose 
 Rejection, doubt, lying 
 
Rubbing the eye 
 Doubt, disbelief 
 
Hands clasped behind back 
 Anger, frustration, apprehension 
 
Locked ankles 
 Apprehension 
 
Head resting in hand, eyes downcast 
 Boredom 
 
Rubbing hands 
 Anticipation 
 
Sitting with hands clasped behind head, legs crossed 
 Confidence, superiority 
 
Open palm 
 Sincerity, openness, innocence 
 
Pinching bridge of nose, eyes closed 
 Negative evaluation 
 
Tapping or drumming fingers 
 Impatience 
 
Steepling fingers 
 Authoritative
 
Patting/fondling hair 
 Lack of self-confidence; insecurity 
 
Tilted head 
 Interest 
 
Stroking chin 
 Trying to make a decision 
 
Looking down, face turned away 
 Disbelief 
 
Biting nails 
 Insecurity, nervousness 
 
Pulling or tugging at ear 
 Indecision 
 
